Orison
Products
 
About
 
Blog
 
Contact
 
Media
 
Reserve Now
Meet Orison
The first all-in-one,
self-installable
home battery system.

GET IT NOW MORE INFO

HOW ORISON WORKS
Store energy and intelligently power your home or business with the first ever plug-and-play solution. Whether you get your energy from the grid or solar, you can now control when to store it and when to use it.


0:02
/ 0:11


FREE STANDING
Orison Tower
Our free-standing floor Tower adds customizable LED light to your indoor environment and includes a bluetooth speaker for stunning sound.

LEARN MORE


WALL MOUNTED
Orison Panel
Our Panel system with colorful LED lights is designed to be mounted on any indoor wall.  With tailored skins it can be displayed as art or concealed behind furniture and appliances.

LEARN MORE
WHY CHOOSE ORISON
Your intelligent energy partner for a bright new future.

APP CONTROL
Orison's Mobile app gives you control over your usage and access to energy, keeping you comfortable in any situation.


EASY TO INSTALL
Orison can be mailed directly to you, simply plug it into the wall outlet like you would any other appliance in your home.


SECURITY
During a power outage, Orison's stored energy immediately provides you with backup power to protect your home.


LOWER BILLS
Orison automatically stores energy when utility rates are low and then powers your home or business when rates are high.


PERSONALIZED
Customizable and versatile design and lighting that can be displayed as home decor in addition to providing energy storage.


HEALTHY PLANET
Orison energy storage invites you to become part of the solution and enable renewables to be adopted safely onto the electric grid.

Highly intelligent, network operated.
Orison’s integrated Cloud network uses data including utility rates, peak demand charges, weather, blackout alerts, your usage profile, and more to determine the optimal operating schedule for your device. The Orison Cloud also works collectively to make the energy grid more efficient.

READ UP



No permits, wiring or construction.
Orison is designed to be effortless to install and operate. Weighing less than 40 lbs., Orison can be mailed directly to your door. Simply plug it in like you would any other appliance, set-up with your Orison App, and you’re done.

READ UP


Power your home and the future
Reserve Orison and get it first.
RESERVE NOW


“A chance of changing the way consumers and businesses interact with the electrical grid.”


“You can install it on your own, inside the house, simply by plugging into an ordinary electrical socket.”


“Users also get an app that lets them control how everything functions over the internet.”

 
PRODUCTS
ABOUT
BLOG
CONTACT
FAQS
MEDIA
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
LinkedIn
SIGN UP FOR UPDATES

Email
 SUBMIT

©2016 Orison.
All rights reserved.